[TF-38261] Add changelog entry for Dedicated Actions experience (#2628)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/changelog.mdx

Keep track of changes to HCP Terraform.

## 2026-06-10

> * Dedicated Actions Experience. HCP Terraform now provides a dedicated Actions experience in the workspace where you can discover the actions declared in your Terraform configuration, inspect invocation history and statuses, and invoke or re-invoke actions directly from the UI. Refer to [Terraform Actions documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/actions) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HCP Terraform now provides a dedicated **Actions** page that shows actions declared in your Terraform configuration. You can view action invocation history and statuses and invoke or re-invoke actions directly from the UI. Refer to [Manage Terraform actions](/terraform/cloud-docs/actions) for more information.
```
Just to try to streamline

Author: amazing. thanks for the suggestion!

> * Dedicated Actions Experience. HCP Terraform now provides a dedicated Actions experience in the workspace where you can discover the actions declared in your Terraform configuration, inspect invocation history and statuses, and invoke or re-invoke actions directly from the UI. This experience is available for Standard and Premium tiers and requires Terraform 1.14 or newer. Refer to [Terraform Actions documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/actions) for more information.

Author: > This experience is available for Standard and Premium tiers and requires Terraform 1.14 or newer.

not sure if we mention something like this in the changelog
